here's a haha another sound clip video
visual of his 1968 and Gibson 100%
original some yes 335 a 12-string just
yesterday I got thinking explain that in
a minute here it is with the 12 strands
on it's a nice guitarist 1968 it's
Gibson got the killer uh you know patent
number T top humbucker pickups 68 was
still good for Gibson you know it's not
twenty thirty forty thousand dollar
price range is $2,600 26:50 how could
you go wrong let's clean this could be
you know the honest uh I have no use for
electric twelve-string but a guitar for
many ways these saddles are the bridge
saddles they are slotted for sixth
string
you know fender just didn't whip on
other saddles and then they cut them for
twelve string I'm doing this video right
now of 12 strings I'll be honest I don't
know excellent well steering electric
for a couple songs maybe but I'm gonna
put the six strings on this and played
as a six string
I guess they always got 12 string
headstock what are you wanting for
$2,650 1968 it's gonna play great
I'm playing into I forgot the name of it
even so when I'm thousand our bombers
come over on the bottom and then the two
of us
unreal or who stick maybe I don't have
one contact is trouble
I'm playing on a little weird
this is straight and no effects no fever
Oh
Penny's video was really I mean come on
come right out and say I'm out of the
twelve Springs somebody else is it this
was again a nice video side definition
you know it's got a fat neck things
clean nine five out of ten
I'm saying 2,650 box
yes